Fix linking in documentation (#4640)
cocotb/cocotb: docs/source/contributing.rst

5. Create new `pull request (PR) <https://github.com/cocotb/cocotb/pulls>`__.
6. When you submit (or update) the pull request, a suite of regression tests will run.
   If any of them turns "red," i.e. reports a failure, you most likely need to fix your code before it can be merged.

> 7. The pull request needs to be reviewed by at least one :ref:`maintainers`.

Author: I agree. This happens when you only correct the link and do not read the text... 

I'll fix it once #4623 is in since it will not ready for merge before that anyway. Thanks for spotting! Similar below.

The best way to get maintainer pre-approval is to make a `Github issue <https://github.com/cocotb/cocotb/issues>`__.
These issues can be a place for maintainers, as well as other users, to voice opinions on a proposed change before the task is worked.

> You may also propose changes on the `Gitter channel <https://gitter.im/cocotb/Lobby>`__ or by directly contacting a :ref:`maintainers`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may also propose changes on the `Gitter channel <https://gitter.im/cocotb/Lobby>`__ or by directly contacting one of the :ref:`maintainers`.
```
